In this module,
we took a look at how to differentiate between the different
services that fall under the Amazon Kinesis family.
We took a quick look at Kinesis Data Streams and Kinesis Data Firehose,
which we'll be getting back too soon.
And we looked at Kinesis Data Analytics and how it's used to integrate with
Kinesis Data Streams as part of the collection process,
as well as how it works with many other AWS services.
Additionally,
we looked at a few examples of how we could use
Kinesis Video Streams to collect,
process, and act on streaming video data. In the next module, we'll take
a more in‑depth look at Amazon Kinesis Data Streams, so I'll see you there.